Capstone 2 Ideas

1
A website to find climbing partners. 
Having a climbing partner is required for most types of climbing. When climbing with a rope, a "belayer" is necessary to catch the climber if they fall. Finding a good climbing partner can be tough. Ideally your partner is of similar ability, experience, and has similar goals. Occasionally climbing gyms will have bulletin boards where folks looking for partners can post their contact info, but this can lead to varying results. Additionally, finding a partner at an outdoor area can be similarly if not more challenging.
The website I propose building would be designed to connect climbers looking for partners. There would be different pages for different geographic areas where users could post and reply to other users via open message boards. Members of the site could create a profile with relevant information about themselves. Users could also directly message other users. 
The weather conditions are extremely important when climbing. I would incorporate data from a weather API and display this data on each area's page.

2
A website to plan camping trips. 
There are so many beautiful spots to camp and explore outside in Colorado that it can be overwhelming to plan a trip. Choosing where to go, and making sure there are available sites and that the site meets the requirements you are looking for can be time consuming.
The website I propose building would create a weekend trip plan for the user depending on their desired criteria. The user would be able to decide the maximum distance they want to travel, how many nights they want to stay, what amenities they would like while camping, and what activities they would want to do on their trip. The website would take these criteria and match it with a destination with an available site that matches their criteria, taking the stress out of planning and making the decision of where to go. This website would utilize the RIDB API, which is an API created by the US Department of Recreation.